Aliasing functions is another important concept on AWOS LAMDA.
So with aliases what you get is basically tagging capabilities for lambda functions.
So when you want to invoke your lambda function you don't have to remember the name or any other thing
about that.
You just have to know the area and by getting some API calls.
And after that Aaron you can basically get the alias for that specific version of your ONLY source code
or lambda function and you want to invoke that.
So let's say you have couple of environments on a W-S and you're managing your environments with couple
of lambda codes lambda functions in case and with those lambda functions you're making use of aliases.
So for let's say you have a production environment you have a staging environment and you have basically
a development environment and for all of those environments you can basically version your function
for all of those and you can Elyas all the versions that you have and you can't call these specific
aliases for specific environments.
So for a production environment you can create an alias as broad or production and then you can basically
call or invoke your AWOS lambda function with that production alias just like that.
And it is very easy and all you have to do is to provide the alias name for your function.
So now let's see how we can achieve this aliasing with AWOS lambda functions.
And this is basically a great way to improve productivity with your lambda functions.
Well you're working with a couple of different environments within the same AWOS account.
So now let's go up and create our method for creating aliases for lambda function versions.
So I'll say def and all say create alias for new version.
All right.
So what I want to pass in is of course a function name that I want to apply to alias and also an alias
name that I want to use for this function version.
And of course diversion that I want to apply this alias for the function.
So now with the method body all I have to do is return lambda client and create alias and within that
alias I want to pass in the first as a function name and does going to be a function name of course.
And after that the name or the alias as name.
And it is going to be the alias name I'm passing in from my parameters and the function version is diversion.
Did I want this alias to be applied and also a version.
And finally I can provide an optional description for this alias so let's say description and within
this description I'll say this is the.
And let's just use the alias name.
And always for function.
All right.
Just like that.
So now let's just go down and code this method.
Now let's first comment this line out and say create Ellies for a new version.
And within this method I'll pass in the Python lambda name and as the alias I want to use Prod. to indicate
this is a production version.
And in the version section I want to pro-white as one.
All right so now let's just go on here.
Run to create our alias and here we go.
So now let's switch back to our AWOS konsole and if we go and check our qualifiers this time before
we actually refresh our page.
You don't see anything.
So now let's go and hit free fresh and let's go to our qualifiers.
Back again.
And here we go.
We have our production ileus created on AWOS Lamda for our Python lambda function.
So we have our description and as you can see right bottom of that description we have the version for
that alias.
So as you can see creating aliases and tax for your lambda functions as easy as that.
And I encourage you to use this aliasing for managing a couple of different environments and using the
same lambda function.